---
author: archiver
comments: true
date: 2004-07-22 17:19:52+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: pb
title: PB
wordpress_id: 1655
tags:
- oldpost
---

I feel I must blog about my new PowerBook.  First, I will give you specs:<br /><br />12" PB <br />1.33GHz<br />60GB 4200RPM hard drive<b>*</b><br />256MB RAM<b>*</b><br /><br />Umm... yeah, that's about all, you can "guess" the rest.  I also got me a nice little 20GB iPod (new 4G one), but I have done little with it other than plug it into the wall and place it on top of a laundry bin. lol<br /><br /><b>*</b>I plan on replacing that hard drive with either a Toshiba 40GB 5400RPM 16MB cache one or a Hitachi Travelstar 40GB 7200RPM one.  I'm not quite sure which one to go with as of yet.  I could get a 60GB, but I doubt I'm going to be needing all that space (especially with the 20GB from the iPod) so I'd rather save the money.  Also, 512MB RAM from Crucial is in order...<br /><br />As for the "Mac experience"... I don't really have too much to say as of yet, mostly because I haven't done that much.  VJ is a freakin' Smallville Nazi and if you even try to blink when you're "supposed" to be watching Smallville, he will attempt to rip your intestines out through your ribs. Which reminds me, VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ VJ.<br /><br />So, I'm going to withhold comments on my "Mac experience" until I finish upgrading the little thing, but I will note that I managed to freeze it within a few hours of use and had to hold the power button thingy down to restart it. Booooooo. That's nothing compared to Andrew locking up a G5 in the Apple store though.  What can I say?  We're masters.<br /><br />-Oliver