---
author: archiver
comments: true
date: 2004-07-30 04:27:30+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: apple-stuff
title: Apple... stuff
wordpress_id: 1659
tags:
- oldpost
---

Alright... so the new HD is in and boot time and application launching is faster.  I still don't have that "snappy" feeling to the UI though. *shrug* Guess that's what happens when you have a power-hungry eye-candy-filled GUI.  I think the G5's have that "snappy" feeling... but I guess my 1.33 G4 is far from a dual G5. =)<br /><br />I need to find a good graphical FTP client.  I tried one out, but I got frustrated with it cause it was screwing stuff up so I just went over to my A64 box and did what I needed there.  <a href="http://rsug.itd.umich.edu/software/fugu/">Fugu</a> is supposedly pretty good, but it only supports SFTP and not regular FTP... at least, that's what I can gather.<br /><br />I did this when I first got the PB, but after the reinstall, I forgot and it took me freakin' forever to figure it out again.  In .vimrc, do this to fix delete key:<br /><br />set t_kb=^?<br />fixdel<br /><br />Where ^? is CTRL+V+DELETE.  I wish Apple set their vim defaults to something nice by default like virtually every Linux distro out there.<br /><br />Oh yeah, if you format the iPod for Windows, you can use it on both Windows and OS X as both an iPod and removable hard drive.  Hmmmmm... what else... I haven't made too much use of Expose yet, so I won't say much about that yet.  The CMD+W, CMD+Q thing still bugs me a little, but I'm slowly getting more used to it.<br /><br />I'd say my iPod experience has been more enjoyable than my PB experience thus far, but I definately need to get used to some of this stuff (*cough*FREAKING ONE BUTTON*cough*).  Thank goodness for <a href="http://www.versiontracker.com/dyn/moreinfo/macosx/20854">SideTrack</a> or I would be really really not liking this.  Default touchpad speed and acceleration is also a bit slow, Sidetrack fixed that for me too.  Right now I have the tap on the touchpad being the right click, which is working okay for me.<br /><br />I like how Safari opens FTP sites in Finder, but it doesn't seem to like Gmail very much and waddles through that much slower than Camino or FireFox.  I made Camino my default browser for now...<br /><br />iChat is kinda fruity, so I made it even fruitier... that's the only way I can use.  The bubbles are kinda growing on me, I blame Brook for this one.  Terminal is the lame.  I very quickly replaced it with iTerm.  However, there is a "make delete send backspace" option in Terminal which is nice (this makes the above t_kb thing in .vimrc unnecessary).<br /><br />Hmmmm, let's see... what else... oh yeah, Chad, you can turn on the ability to tab through alert buttons and stuff in System Preferences->Keyboard & Mouse->Keyboard Shortcuts->Turn on full keyboard access.  I don't know why this isn't on by default... oh well, at least it's there.<br /><br />Alright, well I've got a ton more stuff to play with, so I'm off! =)<br /><br />-Oliver