---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-11-01 07:15:59+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: wants
title: Wants
wordpress_id: 409
tags:
- misc
---

How do you figure out what God wants you to do?  I often find myself wanting something and my desire for it clouds my prayers and judgments.  I find it hard to listen through the wants to figure out what God wants rather than what I want.  My prayers are said asking to know what He wants, but with the thought tugging at the back of my head begging for it to be what I want as well.  Am I boxing God into what I want and not listening to what He wants?

These are all rhetorical questions, really, I don't expect answers from you all. =)

There are some people in the world that realize they have a calling from God and they pursue it.  In the past, people used to tell me I was lucky for knowing what I wanted to do (as far as general career direction, college degree, etc.).  I find people who know what God wants them to be more "lucky." Sometimes I don't know if I'm living the life I want while sprinkling little acts here and there to appease God while I go about my merry way.

I used to think that when I prayed to ask for something, I was almost jinxing myself.  I knew the prayer and what I was asking for was selfish and back in my head, I thought that God probably wouldn't give it to me just because I was being selfish and asking for it.  He needed to teach me a lesson that I didn't need it and I needed to think about others rather than myself.  I still end up being more self-centered in my prayers than I should be, probably.

I'm not really sure what all this rambling is getting at, just kinda throwing my thoughts out there I suppose.  When it gets down to it, I think the core of the matter is that I need to get closer to God and listen more to figure out what He wants and have the courage and will to go through with it.

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Back me down from backing up
Hold your breath now it's stacking up
Etched with marks, but I can deal
And you're the problem and you can't feel
Try this on, straitjacket feeling
so maybe I won't be alone
Take back now, my life you're stealing

Yesterday was hell
But today I'm fine without you
Run away this time without you
And all I ever thought you'd be
That face is tearing holes in me again" - All-American Rejects</blockquote>