---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-08-22 08:20:54+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: soap-song
title: SoaP Song
wordpress_id: 283
tags:
- misc
---

I have the Snakes on a Plane song stuck in my head now and I've had it on repeat in iTunes in an attempt to cleanse it from my head by making me sick of it, haha.  That reminds me of this time I ate this bag of beef jerky when I was young and I ate so much of it so fast, I felt sick and to this day whenever I go back to San Francisco and see that type of beef jerky in the asian markets, I get a sick feeling in my stomach.  Why is too much of something "good" bad?  Is it because in our selfishness for temporary pleasure, we gorge ourselves with things that ultimately make us sick?

How in the world did I end up going from Snakes on a Plane to a question like that?  Hmmm... Pause.   Bed time. =)

Edit: Aw poo, I like all the lyrics of this song too much to just take a snippet... so here's all of it.

<i>"He's washing his face to start his day
He's lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely
Nothing in the mirror ever shows him
what's within

Now's he's checking out the faces
On the back of the milk
He's sour under all this pressure
He thinks the missing person looks an
awful lot like him

And he starts his engine
But he knows that he's missing gears

Incomplete!
Where will you find yourself?
Incomplete!
Where will you find yourself?
(Where will you lose yourself?)
'Cause you're the missing person now
Step outside your doubt
And let yourself be found!

He's sick of the race to just save face
He's tied and tried, he's sick and tired
He's tired of the holes that are keeping
him incomplete

He'll push the pedal to the floor
Like the day before
He's trying to be always trying
Try to find an end to justify his means"</i> - Switchfoot