---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-09-01 18:25:07+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: yay
title: Yay!
wordpress_id: 305
tags:
- misc
---

Went running yesterday with Kathy and Olivia, and this time successfully did not lose Olivia, haha.  I also got really hungry yesterday for some reason and after eating dinner, I ate a turkey leg, chunks of cheese, an apple and other random stuff.  I think this running thing is making my metabolism go crazy... speaking of which, who wants to do <a href="http://www.hairymanfestival.org/5k.html">the Hairy Man 5k</a>? Haha...

*gack*  I just accidently swallowed my Starburst whole... oh... this is not a pleasant feeling... at all...

My work desk is covered with lots of boxes, wires going everywhere, LCD displays, and development boards.  Some coworkers that I make snack runs with made comments on how messy my desk was, so I cleaned it up a bit, haha.  It was becoming a problem when getting to my phone was difficult...

The new OliverWEB layout is getting there, but it still seems like it's missing a little bit... I'm not sure what it is yet.  I'll probably convert it to CSS/HTML soon and play around with it there a bit.  Going to use <a href="http://www.owiber.com">owiber.com</a> as my development location for now since I'm switching over to WordPress too.  Hip! Hip! HORAY!

<i>"As I walk this land with broken dreams
I have visions of many things
Love's happiness is just an illusion
Filled with sadness and confusion,
What becomes of the broken hearted
Who had love that's now departed?
I know I've got to find
Some kind of peace of mind"</i> - Jimmy Ruffin

Haha, all these lyrics read so much sadder than they sound (in the song)...