---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-09-30 18:28:34+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: saturday
title: Saturday
wordpress_id: 366
tags:
- misc
---

Just woke up a little while ago.  It's 86°F outside and I have no homework to do. =)  One of the major perks of not being in school is that your weekends are (almost) always free and you can do whatever you want.  No tests to study for, group projects to meet up about, yay yay yay.

OMan's been pushing for a game of DotA all week, but unfortunately once the weekend came, he got sucked away to Lillian, Texas.  Poor OMan.  I'll get a Divine Rapier in your honor, man!

One of my favorite things about coming home and sleeping on the couch is that Orbit always jumps on top of me and sleeps there.  It's a very comfortable feeling. =)  I laughed the other day when Oriana said she disowned the stupid one, <strike>Origon</strike> Oompus, and gave him "to mommy."  Haha, that dog is so annoying, it licks way too much.

Okay, now to find some food, then maybe I'll venture outside with my camera for a while... but I don't know what to take pictures of...

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Hello, yeah, it's been a while.
Not much, how 'bout you?
I'm not sure why I called,
I guess I really just wanted to talk to you.
And I was thinking maybe later on,
We could get together for a while.
It's been such a long time,
And I really do miss your smile.

I'm not talking 'bout moving in,
And I don't want to change your life.
But there's a warm wind blowing,
The stars are out, and I'd really love to see you tonight." - England Dan & John Ford Coley</blockquote>