---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-12-11 19:58:17+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: oomph-2
title: Oomph
wordpress_id: 446
tags:
- events
---

Oye, I've been too busy to tend to OWeb lately (especially since work keeps me much more busy than previously =)... I've got a stack of pics to upload from various events... but I haven't gotten to them yet.  Maybe I'll make a more descriptive post once I get pics up. =)

I got the mocha cappuccino at Round Rock Donuts on Sunday morning and it was pretty good... went extremely well with the donut holes.  I think I will probably die from things like that if I kept eating them though. =)

Went to a potluck at Melvin's the other day, which was pretty cool.  There was a ton of chicken, and all very tasty. =)  I got to see his brewery although I didn't really partake of any of it, but it was pretty impressive nonetheless.  I've got a pic of the fridge he modified... uhhh, I'll get it up on my flickr later.

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Sex is currency
She sells cars,
She sells magazines
Addictive, bittersweet, clap your hands,
with the hopeless nicotines

Everyone's a lost romantic,
Since our love became a kissing show
Everyone's a Cassanova,
Come and pass me the mistletoe

Everyone's been scared to death of dying here alone

She is easier than love
Is easier than life
It's easier to fake and smile and bribe

It's easier leave
It's easier to lie
It's harder to face ourselves at night,
Feeling alone
What have we done?
What is the monster we've become?

Where is my soul?

Numb" - Switchfoot</blockquote>