---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-03-17 19:23:43+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: radio
title: Radio
wordpress_id: 202
tags:
- misc
---

Sometimes I hear a song on the radio and think "man, that's a good classic."  I really need to start writing down these songs because I want to someday have a massive playlist of crazy awesome fun songs.  The only thing is that this is difficult to do well... if I bought each song from iTunes, then I'm locked into the whole iTunes + iPod thing unless I am willing to sacrifice some audio quality to remove the DRM on the songs.  The whole iTunes + iPod lock in isn't so bad currently as I do use iTunes and own and iPod, it just makes me uneasy that in the future, should I want to use something else, I may not be able to.  Darn that DRM!

Buying the CD's containing each song I want to own would be incredibly more expensive and... yeah, I don't think I'll go that route.

Back to songs, I think what makes me enjoy a lot of the stuff I hear now is a nostalgic or epic feeling.  Kathy and Van believe my taste in music is stuck in the 80's, and perhaps so, because I find it fun to bounce along to songs I heard in my younger years, I suppose. =)  I maintain that this does not mean I will have an 80's themed wedding, that would be attrocious.

On to another topic, the no-girlfriend-monkey-demon is poking at me again.  While I am generally not overly effected by this, his jabs can be annoying at times.  I don't think I feel like I need a girlfriend, nor do I feel like all my attempts would end in failure making me a cynical old man, it's just that I feel like there are no prospects at all and the hanging around in limbo can be frustrating at times.  I suppose it would be similar to many other major events in one's life, such as finding a college to go to, finding a job, etc. etc.  Sitting in uncertainty can be troublesome.  I was, thankfully, blessed with not much strife in those two particular examples, so I suppose I don't have it too bad anyhow. =)

Oh well, next time that monkey comes around, I'm shoving a banana in his butt and feeding him to some kangaroos. =p