---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-12-21 17:00:06+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: dear-god
title: Dear God
wordpress_id: 454
tags:
- misc
---

I wrote an email to God today (well, not really, because I don't know his email address) and it reminded me of  the movie <a href="http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116059/">Dear God</a> about people reading the letters people were writing to God and answering their prayers by doing good deeds for them.  Anyways, that's kinda not the point.

I don't think I pray very well, especially out loud when other people are around.  I've probably voiced this before, but I'll do it again anyways. =p  I've never really written/typed out a prayer before, but I think it really helped because I guess it helps me to think through my thoughts.  In a lot of churches I've attended in the past, prayers are sometimes really short and sometimes like mini-sermons.  I guess mine tend to be on the short side and I find it hard to come up with things to "talk about" I guess (actually, this is probably a common problem with people too, not just with God)... a lot of times, I'm like, "why do I need to tell God this as he probably already knows?"  I know that's not the point. =p

I think prayer can be very powerful and I envy people who seem to be gifted with a strong prayer life.  Actually, I guess they probably weren't "gifted" with it, but they had to work on it and I should do the same.  I want a strong prayer life and I want to dialogue with Him more because He's the only one who I can truly trust to always lead me in the right direction, whether I like it or not.  It might be a little early for New Year's resolutions, but I think that's the top of my list for '07.

I know I post it a lot, but it <i>is</i> a prayer and it <i>is</i> my favorite song...

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Dear Father, I need you,
Your strength my heart to mend.
I want to fly higher,
Every new day again.

Dear God...
Increase.
Healing hands of God have mercy on our unclean souls once again.
Jesus Christ, light of the world burning bright within our hearts forever.
Freedom means love without condition,
Without a beginning or an end.
Here's my heart, let it be forever Your's,
Only You can make every new day seem so new." - Five Iron Frenzy</blockquote>