---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-10-13 19:56:07+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: busy
title: Busy
wordpress_id: 386
tags:
- misc
---

I feel busy nowadays.  For a while after I started working, I would just be insanely tired after work and didn't feel like doing anything (even playing WoW, which is why I stopped originally).  Now, I've adjusted to the working life and have been filling up my post-work hours with various activities (from small groups to website dev to exercising, etc.).  Whew.  I think I like the feeling of being generally busy, but not swamped.  Makes me feel like I'm doing something... productive.  Haha.

Another thing that I've been enjoying is living close to my sister.  She cooks for me sometimes and other times I just go raid her fridge. =D  It's a nice hang out spot to get away from the usual too, which is refreshing sometimes.  Just wanted to say thank you, sister, and I've enjoyed being able to drop by often. =)

The beginning/end of this song reminds me of the animated Justice League intro/theme song:

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Let me know that I've done wrong
When I've known this all along
I go around a time or two
Just to waste my time with you

Tell me all that you've thrown away
Find out games you don't wanna play
You are the only one that needs to know

I'll keep you my dirty little secret
(Dirty little secret)
Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret
(Just another regret, hope that you can keep it)
My dirty little secret" - All-American Rejects</blockquote>

And with that, I'm going to say the next chunk of lyrics I post will not be All-American Rejects, haha.