---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-08-10 18:45:21+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: zzzzzzzz
title: ZZZZzzzz... !!!
wordpress_id: 265
tags:
- misc
---

I'm not sure if I'm just fooling myself or what, but it seems like I wake up easier in the morning having gone to bed at 2AM and waking up around 8AM than if I went to sleep at around midnight and woke up around 8AM... maybe in that 2 hour span, I fall into a deeper sleep that's harder to come out of?

The only bad thing about that is I get a lot more tired later in the day, especially a few days down the line of having only 6 hours of sleep.  Hmmmm...

Ideas have been churning in my head for the next OWeb layout, especially after seeing Karen's new Vox Veniae website design (which I will refrain from posting cause I'm guessing we want it to be somewhat of a surprise, haha).  I've got a few things planned that I'll definitely do, one of which is to move to <a href="http://www.wordpress.org">WordPress</a> and another is to make a two or three column layout with nothing to the right of the "main content" so I don't have to worry about picture width.  I'm thinking a "dirty" kinda feel (like splattered... stuff... on the page) but with a high-tech spin... I'm not sure if I can do that or not, but we'll see. =)

Speaking of which, does anyone use the RSS feeds I show of non-personal blogs?  I'm talking about the BBSpot, Gizmodo, etc. etc. things I've got below the friend blogs... cause I'm considering dropping those since I don't use them.  I think it is possible that Mark does though... so we'll see.

<i>"Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight
It must have been something you said
I just died in your arms tonight."</i> - Cutting Crew