---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-10-24 05:18:32+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: survey
title: Survey
wordpress_id: 398
tags:
- misc
---

I haven't done one of these in a while, but I've got nothing else to talk about so here goes... from Kathy...

Do you ever dream in black-and-white? I'm sure I have

Look away from the computer. Now what was the first word that came to mind? Heroes

Was that word written on something that you saw? No, Chad and I are watching it on TV

Average shower time? I dunno... 10-15 minutes?  Depends on if you count the time I'm in the bathroom or just actually in the shower.

Last time you took a bubble bath? No idea, years ago...

Favorite thing to wear when it's cold? sweaters... leather jacket

Last movie you saw? Umm... Flags of our Fathers?  Or Departed... I think Departed.. yeah, Departed.

Do you enjoy scary movies? Not really

Do you consider yourself to be a thrill-seeker? Hmmm... yeah, probably

Do you enjoy dressing up for a formal occasion? Yeah, most of the time

Have you ever spent $50 or more on a shirt or a pair of pants? Yeah, from Express... around $50.

The most you've ever paid for a pair of shoes? around $100

If someone saw you at Wal-Mart, in what department would you most likely be seen? electronics... or buying more socks cause they always disappear

You're stuck in traffic, and it seems like you're the only person who knows how to drive. Does music help? Yes

Are you an emotional person? Yeah

Which emotion, if any, do you have the hardest time supressing? Hmmm... embarassment

Which emotion do you wish you could experience more? I like Kathy's answer... tranquillity

If you were to die today, what would people remember most about you? I don't know... easy going? generally happy?

Do you know for sure that you would go to Heaven? most of the time... sometimes I doubt.

Why or why not? Because I have issues and sometimes I doubt.

You plan a day to just go out and have fun. What would you do on that day? Hang out with friends... or spend it alone doing random adventurous things with my camera

Choose: huh?

If you could have any job in the world, what would you pick? I'd work for flickr.

Name something that makes you happy: Friends

Other people whose answers to this survey you'd like to read: umm... nah. lol