---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-07-13 17:45:14+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: zzzzzzz
title: ZZZzzzz
wordpress_id: 242
tags:
- misc
---

I've been having a much easier time waking up recently than before.  Today, I had a 7AM conference to call into and I actually woke up reasonably well for it.  Maybe it's because I'm waking up pretty regularly now or I'm just not sleeping as deeply anymore.  I'm not really going to sleep at consistant hours of the night, so I don't think my body's quite got a schedule down, but it's refreshing to not feel like I have to kick down a brick wall to emerge from my slumber.

I remember the many years I knew Van where I never ever actually saw him sleep.  I'd always be the one to sleep first and wake up last and he'd be the one whacking me with a pillow or something.  Now I always see that lazy bum in bed when I get up (haha, j/k). =)

On a similar note but not nearly as fortunate, I think I messed up my eating schedule with random naps and snacks this last weekend and I'm finally recovering from it.  I always get the feeling that I'm hungry, but don't really feel like eating (the hunger, but not appetite thing) and I feel like not eating shortly after I start eating.  Also, towards the end of the meal, every bite is a chore and I have to make an effort to not throw up everywhere, haha.  Ok, I think I make it sound worse than it is and I don't think I'm sick... anyways, it's fading and I think I'm eating okay now.  Really need to find out what's around my new apartment to eat...

I know this is all very exciting news to you. =)