---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-07-05 21:44:12+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: july-4th
title: July 4th
wordpress_id: 238
tags:
- events
---

July 4th was kinda uneventful, especially in the fireworks department for me, haha.  Some of us went down to visit Julie and Nancy on the 3rd and drove back up on the 4th.  It was a nice visit, I think. =)  I fell asleep on the recliner and got really cold because I had no blanket and attempted to warm myself with a small square pillow.  Needless to say, that didn't work out so well so I snuck into Julie's room and stole her bed (she wasn't there, that'd be scandalous ;).

I woke up a few times when Munchie would walk all over me, lay on my chest and pur in my face.  The previous day, I wrapped up Zoey in a bunch of rope that I guess Nancy rescued her from (or did she get out herself?), but I think I was forgiven because she sat on my shoulders for a while without trying to rip my head off.  Apparently cats like me even though I tease them so. ;)

On the way home, the sky was dark and I think I drove threw a few spots of heavy rain, but I didn't die, so it's all good. =)  Weather wasn't so happy, but I think I had a nice time rockin' out to overdramatic love songs on the way back by my lonesome.  Ahhh... vacations are nice.

Edit: Oh yeah, I remember a dream I had while sleeping in Julie's bed (I think I was too concerned with being cold to remember anything I dreamt of earlier).  I dreamt that I was at some cabin/lodge eatery place that was supposedly some college study hang-out.  Then, I realized that I was graduating soon and I had one week to finish two self-study classes that I was horribly behind on (physics and.... Japanese?... I think my head must have meant Chinese, but I'm pretty sure the class I was "taking" was Japanese).  So I was feeling incredibly stressed out and dreaded waking up, until I actually started waking up and realized that I had already graduated.  Then I went back to sleep with a happy smile. =)