---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-11-06 16:41:03+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: tata-van
title: Tata, Van!
wordpress_id: 416
tags:
- events
---

Van heads off to Boston today, good luck, don't get too cold!

Yesterday, I had way too much whipped cream and cappuccino.  I don't even like whipped cream.  It was like eating/drinking liquid/foamy sugar.  I don't think my body appreciated it, haha.

I ordered another tiled Rubik's cube from the UK off of eBay a while ago and received it this weekend.  It's a bit smaller than normal (which is fine), but it doesn't turn that well. =(  Oh well, maybe I'll just have to hoard up on regular stickered cubes and just let them get worn out... I suppose it adds some texture to them. =)  I should start collecting them...

I've been wanting to paint colors on the one I have on my key chain... was thinking that model paint would probably work?  I wonder how durable it would be though, or if it would rub off easily and look nasty again?

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Bacon bits and jalapeños on my polish hot dog.
half a pound of potato chips,
and a beef jerky log.
I press my face to the window,
a wrapper sticks to my shirt.
Eight people in a stinky van,
a couple more couldn't hurt.
Eat some food off the floor.
I've developed a taste for bread mold.
Ride around in a van,
don't take a shower for six weeks and...

We've been given superpowers,
ask us for an autograph.
We sing, we dance, we'll make you laugh,
don't you want to be like us?" - Five Iron Frenzy</blockquote>