---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2006-02-28 07:29:35+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: re-mbp
title: 'Re: MBP'
wordpress_id: 196
tags:
- events
---

So, some initial comments on the MacBook Pro (I've given up being stubborn and calling it the Intel PowerBook)... Besides Safari downloading files and then making them vanish from my desktop, the only software issues I've had so far are with iPhoto and it dying on me when I tried to import my 11k+ photos.  I may still have issues with iPhoto, but they may be based upon me not being used to the way it does its organization.  For now, I prefer the Picasa way of doing things and I'm somewhat frustrated iPhoto didn't do some simple organization based upon the directory hierarchy I told it to import from. *sigh*  Oh well.  I'll give it a shot for a while and see how it goes.

Hardware wise, keyboard, screen, touchpad (except for the one-buttonness! curse you Stevie!!), and speed are all pretty satisfactory.  However, this thing gets pretty hot under use, hotter than I was expecting after coming from a Pentium M Dell laptop which didn't get nearly this hot unless it was at 100% CPU usage for hours.  I guess they made sacrifices to get the thinness... I'm tempted to say I would have preferred a thicker and/or slightly louder laptop to make it cooler, but oh well.  I definitely don't feel sluggish like I did on my old PB 12" so that's good.   I think a decent chunk of the "wow factor" speed boost is lost on me a bit because I haven't been using OS X for a few months, so I'm not familiar with the response times pre-Intel anymore.

Anyways, I'm looking forward to being able to do some decent photo-editting on my laptop (12" is too small for that - all my previous laptops).  Debating about getting Photoshop...

Tried Warcraft 3 (under Rosetta) and it seemed to run okay at 1440x900x32 with all the other graphics settings at their default, but after a minute or two of a game with Mark, I got disconnected.  Was a custom map, so I'm not sure if that was the culprit or not... will do more testing later I guess.