---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2007-03-20 23:20:14+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: lets-see
title: Let's see...
wordpress_id: 481
tags:
- events
- misc
---

Well, apparently, there is an oil tanker that overturned around my new office location, so I'm stuck here for a while.  I might as well make a post on my blog now. =)

Let's see... a quick update... my MacBook Pro got stolen, but I am decently confident I will get money for it from Continental.  Claims form is in the mail, I just need to wait and poke at them.  Before my trip to New Orleans, I went to the new Apple store at The Domain and picked up a new black MacBook.  I'm actually liking it, except I do miss the Pro's keyboard and large screen.  I've always been a bit partial to smaller laptops though, so it's not so bad.

Kathy cut up my very large Apple shirt I got for free from the new store and made it a smaller size.  It's pretty sweet, actually, and fits rather nicely.  Thank you. =)  I wish I had known about this before when I got a lot of huge t-shirts from E3 way back when... =)

Yesterday, we had a mini-New-Orleans-crew "reunion" at Kerby Lane because Kevin C. was going back up north.  It was pretty fun, I think we were there for a few hours from 9-12.  It seems like the Vox Veniae site is in store for another overhaul, hopefully more successfully this time.  We've got plans/ideas, so we'll see how they turn out. =)

I got to play with my work's new foosball table today.  Ahhhh, it's been a while, but I'm still not too shabby.  My Freescale days are paying off! =)

<blockquote class="lyrics">
"In the economy of mercy
I am a poor and begging man
In the currency of Grace
Is where my song begins
In the colors of Your goodness
In the scars that mark your skin
In the currency of Grace
Is where my song begins" - Switchfoot
</blockquote>