---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2007-02-09 04:53:56+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: weeeeee
title: Wheeeeeee!
wordpress_id: 472
tags:
- misc
---

So Toshiba launched their ratings & reviews on <a href="http://www.toshibadirect.com">ToshibaDirect.com</a> today.  Toshiba is my first client that I've worked with from pretty much start to end to have launched, so it's pretty spiffy.

I noticed that I haven't posted lyrics at the end of my posts for a while, so it's about time I do so. =)  I've been listening to some JoC again recently, and I think a lot of their songs grow on me.  <i>Oh My God</i> didn't really hit me the first few times I listened to it, but I was playing it in my car alone today and the end gets pretty intense.  One of those songs you have to pay attention to I think.

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Oh my God, look around this place
Your fingers reach around the bone
You set the break and set the tone
Flights of grace, and future falls
In present pain
All fools say, "Oh my God"

Oh my God, Why are we so afraid?
We make it worse when we don't bleed
There is no cure for our disease
Turn a phrase, and rise again
Or fake your death and only tell your closest friend
Oh my God.

Oh my God, can I complain?
You take away my firm belief and graft my soul upon your grief
Weddings, boats and alibis
All drift away, and a mother cries

Liars and fools; sons and failures
Thieves will always say
Lost and found; ailing wanderers
Healers always say
Whores and angels; men with problems
Leavers always say
Broken hearted; separated
Orphans always say
War creators; racial haters
Preachers always say
Distant fathers; fallen warriors
Givers always say
Pilgrim saints; lonely widows
Users always say
Fearful mothers; watchful doubters
Saviors always say

Sometimes I cannot forgive
And these days, mercy cuts so deep
If the world was how it should be,
Maybe I could get some sleep
While I lay, I dream we're better,
Scales were gone and faces light
When we wake, we hate our brother
We still move to hurt each other
Sometimes I can close my eyes,
And all the fear that keeps me silent
Falls below my heavy breathing,
What makes me so badly bent?
We all have a chance to murder
We all feel the need for wonder
We still want to be reminded
That the pain is worth the plunder

Sometimes when I lose my grip,
I wonder what to make of heaven
All the times I thought to reach up
All the times I had to give in
Babies underneath their beds
Hospitals that cannot treat
All the wounds that money causes
All the comforts of cathedrals

All the cries of thirsty children - this is our inheritance
All the rage of watching mothers - this is our greatest offense

Oh my God
Oh my God" - Jars of Clay</blockquote>