---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2008-11-02 04:43:03+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: booo
title: Booo
wordpress_id: 532
tags:
- london
---

Well, it's almost 5AM in London and I'm still up after winding down from "watching" the UT game.  Texas shoulda ran the clock down more, but I guess hindsight's 20/20.  I wasn't able to find any streams of the game, so Andrew kindly rigged up a microphone and we Skyped it up so I could get audio of the game.  It actually worked out pretty well, I think.

I went to the <a href="http://www.boroughmarket.org.uk/">Borough Market</a> "today" with some BVers which was pretty cool.  I wish my appetite was a bit more alive but it never really is in the "morning."  It was around 1PM, but that's 8AM in Texas and I don't think my body's quite adjusted yet especially since I woke up at 11. =)  Regardless, had some tasty bits of food and the atmosphere there was pretty nifty.

I then went to see Quantum of Solace but was sorely disappointed.  The action was mediocre at best, there were quite a few slow points in the movie where I found myself just day dreaming about other stuff, the acting was not so hot (particularly from the new comers), and there weren't even any amusing one-liners (at least none that I found memorable enough).  By this point, I hope I've talked it down enough for you people who are going to see it just because it's a Bond movie to get at least some enjoyment out of it, but to me it seemed like a waste of time.  I'm honestly <em>very</em> surprised it has a <a href="http://uk.rottentomatoes.com/m/quantum_of_solace/">76%</a> on Rotten Tomatoes UK (not sure if that's any different than US, but it won't not redirect me).