---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2009-02-25 02:59:49+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: shows
title: Shows
wordpress_id: 548
tags:
- misc
---

I know not everyone will be with me on this, but here're my thoughts on what's on TV right now that I've either watched or am watching.

<strong>No longer watching or on the verge of no longer watching</strong>
<ul>
<li><strong>24</strong> - I haven't watched the past few seasons and though this one isn't particularly horrible, it's just the same old.  I feel like they're just churning on the same formula over and over and it's just lost its excitement factor.  Throw in stupid computer-related "twists," and silly plot elements and I'm done.</li>
<li><strong>Heroes</strong> - I am <em>this</em> close to ditching Heroes.  It has such potential, I don't understand how a group of writers could mess it up so much.  It's like they've been given Freddie Mercury in front of a colosseum of Queen fans and instead of letting him rock out, they make him play chess against Hannah Montana and let the Jonas Brothers deliver the encore.  We want to see super-heroes use their powers.  Who <em>doesn't</em> want to see super-Peter totally kick butt and duke it out with Syler?  It was great in the first season when they hinted at it over and over, but they never really came through.  I want Peter versus Syler Dragon Ball Z!  Instead I get a horrible horrible Hayden that can't execute her poorly written lines at all.  I really wish they had just let the chearleader die.  Forget the world.  I probably have one or two more shows left in me, then I'm done.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Still watching</strong>
<ul>
<li><strong>House</strong> - I wouldn't be upset about missing an episode, but it's consistently entertaining.  It's nice to enjoy a show that you don't really feel you <em>have</em> to be caught up on.</li>
<li><strong>Lost</strong> - I've always been skeptical that Lost will be worth it in the end, but it still is entertaining and I have a bit of hope that they'll pull through in the end.  My fear is that they've thrown in so much mystery, they won't be able to explain it all (or they just won't at all).</li>
</ul>

<strong>Wouldn't miss</strong>
<ul>
<li><strong>Dexter</strong> - watched first season or so after Mark and Andrew started watching it and raved about it.  I whole-heartedly agree.  Dexter is rock solid and awesome.</li>
<li><strong>Battlestar Galactica</strong> - BSG isn't typically very fast paced, but I still find it highly enjoyable.  The past few episodes have been <em>hot</em>.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Obligated</strong>
<ul>
<li><strong>CSI: Miami</strong> - when I lived at the apartment, Andrew was rarely there Friday nights, and everyone else was too lazy to arrange for something to happen.  On these nights, I chilled alone surfing the net and watching hours and hours of CSI: Miami.  A&E plays this show for probably 30% or more of a day.  It's not even really very good, but it certainly is pretty, so I feel obligated to watch it when it's on and I have nothing to do.</li>
</ul>

<blockquote class="lyrics">"I wear my sunglasses at night
So I can so I can
Watch you live and breathe your storylines

(And) I wear my sunglasses at night
So I can so I can
Keep track of the visions in my eyes" - Corey Hart</blockquote>