---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2009-06-28 22:55:17+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: wooo
title: Wooo!
wordpress_id: 637
tags:
- events
---

Well, I finally updated the layout, <em>and</em> switched over to <a href="http://www.owiber.com">owiber.com</a>!  There's still some work to do, but it should hopefully be functional.  I've tested in a few browsers and made a conscious decision to NOT support IE6, so if you come here with that poor excuse for a browser, prepare for some ugliness and a JavaScript pop-up telling you so.  I haven't tested in IE7 yet, but I hope that works okay...  let me know if you find any issues!

The coolest little feature is if you hover over the flickr images at the top/left, it'll change the main image at the very top.  I broke a big website "rule" by not having my content above the fold, but I think the photo switch thingy makes up for it a bit, and heck, I don't sell anything here, so I don't really care. =)  I plan on enhancing my flickr integration a bit so you can do the hover over thing with more than just the five most recent photos in my stream, but... that'll be later.  Have fun!

...oh yeah, and if you happen to look at my code, you probably won't be very happy.  It's likely very horrible and messy.  I just wanted to throw that out there... :-)

<blockquote class="lyrics">"Listen to the rhythm of the falling rain
Telling me just what a fool I've been
I wish that it would go and let me cry in vain
And let me be alone again

The only girl I care about has gone away
Looking for a brand new start
But little does she know
That when she left that day
Along with her she took my heart" - The Cascades</blockquote>