---
author: Oliver
comments: true
date: 2013-02-15 23:43:03+00:00
excerpt: None
layout: post
slug: february
title: February!
wordpress_id: 2510
tags:
- lies
- musings
- nerdy
---

Happy post-Valentine's Day, yos! All you single people complaining, just shut your yappers and do something productive. ;)

Hopefully this isn't the only post I end up making this month, but I'm finding it hard to come up with topics I can talk about here.

I ended up buying some <a href="http://www.google.com/finance?q=mjna">MJNA</a> stock a little while back and it's been doing well. I didn't really buy enough to make any significant dent one way or the other, but it's fun to say I've made money buying/sell marijuana. =p

Beautiful Creatures came out recently and Oriana has been driving me crazy just <em>begging</em> me to take her. Something about a yearning in her loins or something. So weird. Yesterday, I caught her combing her hair looking at yourself in the mirror whispering "you're a beautiful creature." I may have to give in and take her or I may find myself asleep forever.*

My Volt has been pretty satisfactory so far. The air dam at the front of the car is super low to the ground and it scrapes every so often whenever I go through various inclines. Supposedly it's built to withstand that type of thing and it's expected, but it's mildy annoying. The central panel controls are also annoying, most of them not being actual buttons. That said, I have yet to visit a gas station after going over 1200 miles (I still have about half a tank left). It's not really fair, but looking at gas alone, I've probably done something like 280MPG. ;) I did end up doing the calculation for how much fully charging the car costs, and during this time of the year it's about $0.65, which gets me about 37 miles. So if I do the miles per dollar calculation, it's probably something in the ballpark of 36 miles per $1. FYI, during the summer, I expect a full charge to be about $1. Honestly, I'm not sure if it makes sense to buy the Volt purely based on the travel cost savings, but it's a fun metric to look at.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>It was brought to my attention today that there are only five people at BV who have been there longer than me. Crazy!</p>&mdash; Oliver Wong (@owiber) <a href="https://twitter.com/owiber/status/297475571661807616">February 1, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*-This is basically all a lie.